Raul Catinas
Q: Why did you begin kakutougi?
A: I wanted to be the K-1 champion.
Q: How old were you when you started training?
A: 16
Q: What sort of fighting have you participated in?
A: I used to play football, then I just started K-1.
Q: What are your strong points?
A: Punching is my strongest point, but in the fight I will be kicking and everything else too.
Q: How do you feel 2 days out from your fight?
A: My condition is good. I trained very hard. I think I will win this fight.
Q: It is your first WGP bout, so what do think about it?
A: I feel like K-1 is the best in the world. Every fighter wants to be here.
Q: What is your goal in this WGP?
A: Now I want to win, and see what the possibilities are after it.
Q: Your opponent has suddenly changed, so how do you feel?
A: I will change my strategy a tiny bit, but basically I will approach the fight the same way.
Q: Do you have a message to your fans?
A: I want to put on a great show for my first fight in the Final 16, and I hope they enjoy it.